So let's go ahead and write our first assertion for our main NAV component, and let's try to write
the simplest tests that we can.
What do we really care about when it comes to this test?
Well, we want to test that.
The component displays the company name.
We don't really care about the internal HTML elements in the main NAV component.
We don't care about the styles.
All we really care about is a piece of text being rendered, and that piece of text is going to be our
company name, which for me we know is bubble careers.
So if we know that our text method returns a string with all of the text insider component, we can
see the output right here from the previous lesson.
What we can do is check that somewhere in the text of our wrapper, or in other words, somewhere in
the text of our component.
There should be the string bobo careers.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to remove this console.log.
And instead of that, I'm going to put my expect function.
We should be familiar with this by now.
This is our expectation.
This is what just is going to evaluate for us.
It's going to invoke the text method and it's going to get this, which is bobble careers.
Now, I do not think it's a good idea to use the to be matcher for strict equality here, because that's
going to make our test more prone to failure.
Right now, our text does include Bobo careers, but later on we might have additional text on our main
nav such as our links.
So I don't want to do an exact strain comparison with rapper text.
All I really want to check is that rapper text includes Bobo careers.
Somewhere in that blob of text.
I don't really care where as long as our company name appears somewhere in the text of this component.
That's really all I care about and that ensures the test is as flexible as possible and less likely
to break in the future.
So for that, instead of using the to be matcher, I'm going to use a different matcher called to match.
All right.
And what this really checks for is that the string or the irregular expression that we pass, that we
pass as an argument here is found somewhere in here.
So in this case, whatever we pass in here and I'm going to pass bubble careers, we're testing that
bubble careers is going to be found somewhere in the components text.
Right now, the only text is bubble careers.
But if this expands, the to match matching will still pass because it's going to be looking for the
inclusion of this string anywhere in here.
All right.
So I'm going to save this and I'm going to run my test suite, and we should see a passing suite.
And there we go.
We have a passing suite, so the component is able to find that text of bubble careers.
Let me show you how this would have worked if we had done TDD instead.
So I'm going to take my main NAV component and bring it over here to the right.
Hypothetically, if we were building this out using TDD, well, we would have written this text first
or this test first, rather.
And this hyperlink here that has our company name would not have been included yet.
So we can imagine our component would look like this.
Right now I'm just going to temporarily comment out the code here with the bubble careers company interpolation.
And when I run my test suite we can see that now it will fail.
So this would have been the TDD approach.
We would have said, what's the responsibility of Main?
Now we want to display the company name.
So somewhere in May now we want to have bubble careers and notice that the implementation would be up
to us.
We can have the text of bubble careers in a header, in an H1 and an H2 in a hyperlink.
It doesn't really matter.
We're not getting super deep into the implementation in the tests, which we shouldn't.
We really want to test behavior and purpose.
Instead, we're just saying somewhere we expect this text.
So there's many different ways we can solve this problem in our main nav component.
And so following TDD, I would have then written our hyperlink with our Bubble Careers text.
And irrespective of how I implemented it, whether I hardcoded Bobo careers here or I interpolated the
value of a company variable from data, it doesn't really matter because the test doesn't care about
the implementation.
It cares about the general purpose.
All right.
So here we have successfully passed everything.
So this is our first successful test in view.
All right.
That's all there is to cover in this lesson.
So I'll see you in the next one.